Bump sass from 1.89.0 to 1.92.1 (#393)
rsksmart/devportal: webinars/202007-005/slides.md

<!-- .element: style="background-color: #ffffffb0;" -->
### [developers.rsk.co/webinars](/webinars/)
[60+ past events](/webinars/#calendar-past)

NOTE:

`Brendan`

For those of you joining us in this webinar for the first time, we would like to highlight that this is just one of a very large series of webinars,

> that is over 50 and counting at the moment.

Reviewer: that is over **60** and counting at the moment.

Reviewer 2: we can say that in our next one!

`Dulce`

----

### Dulce Villarreal 

- Dev 🥑 IOVlabs: RSK + RIF
- México 🇲🇽 - San Francisco 🌁
- Economist & data scientist 🧮
- Foodie & mezcal sommelier 🌮 🍛 🍣
- Roller skater ⛸️
- @Dulce_vird

NOTE:

`Dulce`

> Now, Let me introduce myself. I´m Dulce. I'm Mexican. I'm an economist and data scientis. I worked in banking and fintech startups. I love food and fresh veggies. You can find me in twitter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now, Let me introduce myself. I´m Dulce. I'm Mexican. I'm an economist and data scientist. I worked in banking and fintech startups. I love food and fresh veggies. You can find me on twitter.
```

`Dulce`

- Specifications are similar to implementation because they are also code

> - However they are not executed by the user of your program or application, instead the specifications run the implmentations in certain pre-defined ways.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- However, they are not executed by the user of your program or application, instead the specifications run the implementations in certain pre-defined ways.
```
